I look at your skin and I'm going to
come over now oh no then I go around
here turning Woodall beauty queen of the
screen founder and CEO of Trini London
one of the fastest growing companies in
Europe have a great day I went two
phases in my early 20s of not knowing
who I was and turning to drugs I went to
rehab I hope that you'd been kicked out
the first time for playing a porn video
Yeah it backfired we had was a huge
beginning of the change in my life and I
went into a whole new world following a
20-year career in media Tony took a left
turn in the makeup industry here we are
250 million dollars later welcome to
Trinity London a lot of people have this
stigma that you can't start a business
at 53 crap are you just just
number but you need energy passion
perseverance I sold my house hardly
earning any money but I thought I'm
never going to give up ask yourself how
much do you want to be successful what
are you prepared to give up you strike
me some that's incredibly driven what's
the cost very big question probably
oddly
you had a partner who was unwell yeah
and the thing you think will never
happen happens he died by Suicide yeah
yeah where do you get to in your brain
when you are so worried about your
children that you can convince yourself
that the best thing is that you're not
in their life anymore
was there anything I could have done
stop it
I think this is fascinating I looked at
the back end of our YouTube channel and
it says that since this channel started
69.9 percent of you that watch it
frequently haven't yet hit the Subscribe
button so I have a favor to ask you if
you've ever watched this Channel and
enjoyed the content if you're enjoying
this episode right now please can I ask
a small favor please hit the Subscribe
button helps this channel more than I
can explain and I promise if you do that
to return the favor we will make this
show better and better and better and
better and better that's the promise I'm
willing to make you if you hit the
Subscribe button do we have a deal
[Music]
pretty
you've got a very um
distinct Personality yeah
you and you know that you're well aware
of that right
I know who I am
but your personality is very
you're very straightforward yeah
um and all of these sort of defining
traits of your personality and I'm
wondering if that was when that
personality was formed or when it
started to emerge
things happen in your life that that
begin to you know fine-tune and Define
who you're going to be and I went
definitely through phases you know I
went through phases in my late teens
early 20s of of turning to drugs just to
not being happy with who I was not not
feeling not knowing who I was sometimes
people turned to drugs because they just
don't know who they are and they want to
you know they have an inner lack of
confidence and I definitely had an inner
lack of confidence and outwardly
when I talk to people and I look back at
the time they might say
you just were this very mesmerizing
person and I just remember that internal
sense of feeling
so lost so profoundly lost and
so when I got clean at 26 27
that was a huge beginning of the change
in my life I was so relieved that my 20s
were over so relieved because it you
know it was like that was the beginning
of that that's wash that away
and that was a big moment for me to
begin to
work out who I was that was the first
moment probably you're
um using drugs at 16 I presume was quite
a recreational thing yeah I think we all
dabbled yeah at that age
um when did it when did you realize that
it wasn't a recreational thing anymore
and that it was an addiction
I think
I was about 22 and
I felt my life didn't have Direction and
my my family were very frustrated with
me they felt I changed and like any
family where they have a child who has
addiction they they can if they don't
know they just see change and they think
why is my child changing
you know so
I think they saw that and it was a
relief
to say you know I I use drugs and I
remember my dad said well now you've
told me you can stop and I remember my
brother saying I think it might be
harder than that
so
I went to rehab and
I then left the rehab after a period of
time and
you left the rehab yeah no I was kicked
out the First Rehab but I then
went to meetings
and there's one thing about recovery is
that
when you first get in recovery you
you need to let go of your old friends
who you've been with who are using and
you're about to make new friends so that
moment is
loneliness can take you back to Old
habit after about I don't know maybe six
months
I missed my old friends and I hadn't
made enough new ones and I saw them and
then you know I
relapsed
and then I went back to meetings and
then you're in this horrible little
in-between place
when you know about recovery
and you continue to use
it's not so there's something about an
ignorance of recovery you know there's a
kind of sense that
you don't know there's another way so
you don't feel guilty every time you do
and so what it brings is it brings guilt
every single time
I had three really really good friends
and we were all using one night and we I
said
let's all
make a pack we'll go to rehab tomorrow
and two of them had been and one of them
had never been but we made this Pact
late night you know that thing we're
going to do this we're going to conquer
the world and we're going to go to rehab
so then the next morning
I woke up and I still had that feeling
which is rare
so I called a therapist that I knew and
I said I need to go but I have a window
of opportunity which is so small
I need to go literally in the next two
hours because I am scared of myself that
I'll change my mind
so he got me in somewhere and stayed
there for five months and I sold
what I had to pay for it some very
tragic thing happens in that time and
one of the people died and then
one of the people that said they're
going to go to rehab with you yeah and
then
I went to a halfway house in Western
supermarket
seven months where you kind of live off
eight to ten pounds a week which pays
for your [__] and I worked in old
people's home
and I came back to London
a very different person and then in that
following year
another one and died and then by the end
of two years they'd all died
so
I think I always had
this feeling
whatever I might do
you know I might do many things again
but I will not take drugs again and you
do that in recovery you do it a day at a
time and since that day I have never
taken a drug again and
that was that that's probably that
biggest shift I had at that age to
really think now I have the second
chance
what do I actually want to do with my
life
you know what not what I feel other
people expect me to do
if I was a flower on the wall in your
life at at your when the addiction had
you the most what would I have seen
you wouldn't have seen anything that I
was feeling inside
because that's what I was very good at
so outwardly
you would kind of think you know I
worked in the city I was trading
Commodities I was I held down a job you
know you would see this person who
seemed to be running around doing a lot
of stuff you would see that
yeah so mine wasn't
jacking up in the streets not being able
to function on a daily basis
um
but it was one where
appearances were so important compared
to you know so that matching your
Insight to your outside is probably my
biggest Journey you know of how can I
what I feel inside is how I share with
you now and you know I am 59 and that's
where I've got to I have a lot more to
do but I it took me a journey to get to
a place where I feel
very comfortable in that feeling and in
that belief
matching the inside with the outside so
the outside I would have seen someone
who was very busy and apparently you
know professionally successful in the
city not feeling it but sort of acting
it you know that I mean oh my God we
know that one and then make the CV acted
you know be kind of big up the job that
was actually smaller than it was all of
that [__] and then on the inside
feeling
you know I hate to say the word because
I hate I hate labels imposter syndrome
is the worst can I just say it's the
worst label it's the worst label ever
because it what it denotes is that you
are an imposter
um for how it's used for now so to me
imposter syndrome is more that you
haven't yet learned enough and if you
learn something you won't feel so much
of an imposter this
is what imposter syndrome is
what I'm referring to it's that feeling
where
you are so different on the inside from
what you project on the outside that you
are an imposter inside your own body
and that to me is what I think imposter
syndrome is what's the what's the cost
of that
that at some stage
you can't keep doing it and you have
something has to give
and something always has to give and and
it's whether it's which path you're
going to take you know
because there'll be a lot of people
listening now that are in a job or a
situation where they they have that
feeling that niggling feeling that we're
in the wrong place yeah
they might be held there by social
groups or expectation from their parents
or whatever it might be but something's
holding them there yeah maybe fear of
uncertainty I would say if somebody is
listening to this and they're thinking
do I have little bits just ask yourself
you know do you love what you do it's a
job you're in if we're talking about
work do you love what you do do you like
this environment of where you work
do you feel people make a better
contribution than you you know
because that's what's making you feel
insecure if so
what do you feel when people have
meetings that you don't know
go and [__] learn it Go and learn it
Go and listen to podcasts go read some
books just learn it because knowledge
is is powerful and when you have
knowledge and you walk in a room you
automatically think I have so much more
to contribute
if I answer one of those that I
challenge myself and I go I don't like
where I'm working and I don't like it
yeah and I'm you know a Commodities
Trader in the city for example and I
just I hate it yeah
leave it but have a plan but leave it
like if you hate what you do we spent 16
hours a day between commuting or if
you're in a higher position thinking
about the company working we spend much
more of a day working than sleeping
so you gotta love it you've got to love
it you know I was like in my early 20s I
was one woman 64 men on a trading four
and I hated it and I dressed in men's
clothing and I went to Rosetti and got
the men's shoes and I got the tailor to
make me a suit or the man would drop
their trousers in the on the training
floor but I'd go in the ladies room and
get you know I'd pretend to have a deep
voice I was on the phone selling
anglo-american fun so my client thought
I was a man I mean you know I did all
this stuff I haste it so much Stephen
and I would go I would take the tube to
Tower Hill we would the World Trade
Center in London
it has Financial Times on the outside
and the Daily Mail on the inside that
was my full extent of who I was
and you know I left it were you an
attention seeker more generally in life
because when I heard that you'd been
kicked out of rehab the first time for
playing a porn video yeah I thought
that that was that was a a funny one
but not funny in the end
um
it was a terrible rehab I was with
somebody
um uh
to
last night in New York
and we were going to this funeral as
this friend of mine who was like 43
years sober and um
I discovered I've been to the same place
with her and um same rehab yeah but at
different times and she just said you
know
it was the most fundamentally shaming
place ever
in rehab now are very different but it
was a very very shaming place
and
it will be closed down now it wasn't it
didn't have a good way of dealing with
things so in that whole scenario
there was definitely that feeling that
you're you're you're thrown in with
people you don't know and you reveal
your life and it was a time when
you would write down your life story and
then
in rehabs nowadays because I visit
friends in them or whatever you would
kind of people
help you navigate why you did things in
your life but in this one they did the
stuff where they would get 20 people to
critique how bad your life had been in a
room
and and judge you for it and it was I
mean just like looking back on it now at
the time that was the only way recovery
worked in rehabs in the UK but it was
just it was kind of [__] appalling
and she reminded me last night so when
you bring up this thing of that of that
um
porno film and I think it was that sense
of let me just do something that people
will find funny because we're having
such a shitty time here and it backfired
and it was just you know I was tucked
out what I have been able to pinpoint is
the because at least from the outside
looking in your life was you know you
had a great job you had this um
addiction which didn't seem to interfere
with your work so you know when I sit
here with someone like Macklemore or
Russell Brand or even I remember
speaking to Stevo they talk about their
addictions and you know he was he was on
a I don't know four or five day heroin
binge and he drove a car he said he's
gonna I think he drove a car through a
house and then yeah he was threatening
to jump out the window yeah when you
know he ultimately ended up in rehab but
it didn't seem I can't identify the
symptoms that drove you to go I can't do
this anymore
I think we have
everyone has a different story
externally of I did this and I did this
and there's a bit of
I did even more than you you know
there's this whole thing in that you
know addicts maximize their using and
alcoholics minimize their drinking
all right and that's why
our colleagues can take longer to get
into sobriety and and addicts can take
shorter because also drugs can kill you
quicker
um so there are there's that kind of you
know and I think also
I don't know it's it's different but um
maybe I don't talk so much about the
crazy things I did
oh okay yeah
because I think we all do crazy things
yeah yeah and
um but I
I feel that I have a daughter who's 19.
sure and I wouldn't talk about crazy
things I did yeah okay so we move on
from there and then the next sort of 10
15 years of your life you have this
media career how aligned were you of
this chapter of your life um so when I
did TV and writing
I really love that I think what was very
nice is we developed this these women
who found us a breath pressure I love
the fact that
people would say oh you know I read your
book and it's changed how I think about
myself or you know and at the time when
we look back at What Not to Wear it's a
very divisive show at the time
it made a lot of women and women that I
meet now who watch the show at the time
tell me the impact it had on them to
think about themselves differently but I
enjoyed it I enjoyed traveling around
England and making over women and having
that journey and over you know over a
week you saw the metamorphosis of a
person you work with and you saw them at
the beginning and at the end and then we
kept in touch with many of the women and
then you would hear about their
marriages and their babies and they're
life-changing and and that you knew
there was a tiny contribution you'd made
to that switch in them turning the
switch on to feel different why did it
end at the show we'd gone from doing
series of thought I see with icba yeah
and writing a book a year to doing three
or four shows I took on average about 55
flights a year I left London on a Sunday
night I came back on a Friday I had a
seven-year-old daughter
and I had a partner who wasn't always
well
so it was just at a stage where I
thought I need to readjust how my
personal life is and I need to think
what can I do now because this doesn't
work I had a partner that wasn't always
well I remember reading a line in your
book where you said 99 of the things we
worry about don't happen but that one
percent happened to us and he said it to
me is that what he said to you yeah
he would always say it I mean I always
remind Lila what did Dada say when she's
worried about stuff
and he said he's the one that said the
99 of things we were about don't
actually happen yeah
I had a partner who was unwell unwell in
what way addiction
he was addicted to yeah
yeah and you you met him when you were
35 no no I met him when I got clean I
met him when I was 27. oh you got
married when you were 35 yeah
and he was in recovery
oh okay
so okay when you're younger you
um went through recovery he went through
recovery as well but then relapsed he
had a motorbike accident
and he was very badly hurt and he took
painkillers
and got addicted to the painkillers
what is what is what is that like
because people think of painkillers that
don't know addiction to painkillers and
they think of paracetamol or something
my only experience with painkillers is
taking a paracetamol maybe four years
ago
I think when you're in a relationship
with somebody
who has a form of addiction
there's an unpredictability and an
inconsistency
in how they turn off every day
and I think in any
times when it's not great
you end up
to an extent having the crumbs off the
table it's like you're so holding on to
those moments when everything's good
that you try and ignore
what isn't working
and at the same time I was thinking
about well you got married in the year
that you were starting your business
your tech company it's a lot to deal
with if you've got a partner at home
that you're married to that is
struggling with addiction you're
starting a business yeah but they were
well at that time okay yeah they were
well at that time they had periods
definitely through our through our
marriage where they were well
really well
the relationship breaks down
yeah you get divorced yeah
you go your Separate Ways you remain
close yeah
and then
Johnny ultimately passes away around the
time when you finish before you start
Trini London but around the time when
you finish What Not to Wear and you
separate from Susan yeah I separate from
Susanna and I started working on I'd
started working on Trinity London yeah
but I was still filming abroad I was
still doing Telly shows abroad but I was
also working on the business
and you were close to him yeah still
even though you had separated yeah
yeah we spoke every day on the phone
every day yeah
he passes away when you're 50.
yeah
how does that change things in your life
um
strangers you become a single parent
the thing you think will never happen
happens
so it's a wake-up call just for
life
and how you see life
it took me a long time to grieve because
he left a mess
when he died which I had to kind of deal
with it yeah Financial mess just yeah
just a mess and so
it preoccupies you to not then actually
just think about what you miss in
somebody
you know it just you focus on what
you've got to do you go on to autopilot
you think of the kind of things you've
got to deal with
and
probably oddly
I moved in March and that was the first
time I remember
Lila went away
and it was first time in
35 years I'd been on my own in-house
and I grieved for Johnny
all those years later
did something trigger that no I think
it's just you need
as long as you need space you need to
you know he died there was a mass I then
starting the business
I was living in a house I couldn't
afford to live in I had to sell it for
lots of reasons one of them
you know for that reason and
there was so much I was so many sort of
fires I was dealing with
and
and then I was you know trying to start
the business
trying to guide Lila to you know be okay
so there was a lot of years of that and
then another life change of just
deciding I want to live on my own
then brought up in a way
to be able to just
feel some things that I hadn't really
let myself feel and I think sometimes in
life
we know we're not
in that part of that strong enough to
feel that feeling and move forward and
we have to be in the right situation and
give ourselves that right breathing
space to be able to feel the fullness of
that feeling without judgment or guilt
or remorse you know because all the
other ones are so connected to
situations externally and it's very
difficult to get to a situation where
you're not bringing all the external
factors in and you're just feeling how
you feel about somebody
what was the fullness of that feeling in
that moment
I think
um
there was nothing there's nothing better
in anyone else than the bestness of
Johnny
if that makes sense
and I missed it
the circumstances of his death are
particularly complicated because he he
didn't die by natural causes he died by
Suicide
and having sat here and spoken to people
who've lost a partner or an ex in such a
way
um the feelings uh from what I've seen
are much more complicated
I think anyone dying
who dies unexpectedly
whether from illness or anything it's
somebody is gone you know that's that's
the biggest fundamental of anything the
circumstances
Drive how differently people deal with
death so you know some
members of his family wanted to believe
there was a conspiracy theory some you
know you you suddenly have
101 kind of
views on things and stuff that really
confuses and complicates the fact that
somebody has gone you know they've gone
nothing is going to bring them back they
have gone
but it leaves more questions
and then you look at
your part in something
you know and that's
every person who has had somebody commit
suicide at some stage will say
was anything I could have done stop it
you know that's the first thing
for sure
if you love somebody
um
and the more I have learned about
suicide the more that
you know that when people
when people will talk about wanting to
kill themselves
I'm not saying it happens less
frequently than people who don't but
once somebody makes a decision
that that's what they're going to do
they don't talk about it
you know
and you'd like to feel you'd pick up on
it
but
I think it's the hardest lesson to learn
but when you
then come across people where you feel
that you now pick up on
those
not saying things that
there's a lot of internalizing going on
and should you be reaching out and just
talking getting them to talk because
people get themselves to a stage where
they feel it's the only solution
and
what's staggering is
Johnny had hyper vigilance around his
children because he'd been in the
Israeli Army and he was paramedic and he
had a really it was really tough
the situation
and he he had from it post traumatic
stress disorder
which wasn't
um acknowledged you know it wasn't
diagnosed until about 20 years later but
one of the things was hyper vigilance
around his children so he had he was
always so you know worried for their
welfare
so you kind of have this thing of
where do you get to in your brain
when you are so worried about your
children
that you can convince yourself the best
thing for your children who you love
profoundly
is that you're not in their life anymore
and that
is something that
is so important that we can help people
who get to that situation that they
don't get to that final part of that
situation
and it's understanding what to recognize
is understanding you know
and it's very hard to recognize you know
I didn't recognize
and there were lots of
details of it which
could have really upset me you know of
things that
were done wrong just were just like
police stuff that was done you know lots
of things which you could hold on you
can hold on to lots of things
but you kind of have to let go when I
see people who have family who have died
and they want to hold on to things
or get this thing you know and it's like
all those things you might hold on to
will prevent you to go through the
process of grieving
because it will hold you in this place
and time and you won't just be sitting
with that you know and you won't be able
to work through and you know when
somebody dies you need to work through
these stages
and acknowledge these stages but not get
stuck in something which eats you up
so even though there were all these
things
that kind of could have eaten me up
sort of new and I had a very good
there's a wonderful one called Julia
Samuel and she wrote this too shall pass
and another book called grief works I
don't know if you've ever had her on
your podcast she's an incredible
um
grief counselor
and
I saw her straight away she came to my
house when
when I knew and I hadn't yet told Lila
the first thing is you need to find the
words of what to say
gee
um was a friend of my sister and she
gave me words it's like you just feel so
like this
I'm at a good place with it now and I
think that final thing was
this the moment I by myself when Lila
went off and
for a week and I just I thought it came
very
I'm totally you know this is eight years
later
but things take time
so interesting how the the process of
grief that those first sort of eight
years where you kind of compartmentalize
or it's not the right time to address it
yet because there's other things going
on and then eight years later how it can
show up in a moment of like Solitude and
yeah in a moment of space and come out
it's interesting because I think there's
so many of us whether it's the grief of
losing someone or the grief of some
other form of trauma that we have it
compartmentalized and it might be
um impacting our lives in ways we don't
we don't understand I hear this a lot
when I speak to people about you know
their mood or you know they're a
slightly different person through that
period but until they were able to kind
of sit down and confront it and and go
through the process of grief they they
didn't realize that they'd it changed
them in some way
eight years later you have your moment
53 years old you start
Trini yeah
big smile on your face
you know starting a business like that
at 53 a lot of people have a like a
stigma or a stereotype that you can't
start a business in midlife you know you
shouldn't be doing that at that point or
that you know you won't be able to raise
you know all of those kind of stigmas
around starting a business in midlife
crap crap yeah Turtle crap
I started a business at 16 called what's
my first business Bose unlimited when I
was at school I sold hair bows I know
um and then I started business at 53 so
it's like there's no other way to put it
that that age is is a number
it is just a [__] number and you can
either mention that number endlessly or
you can look at
what energy do you have at that moment
in time to execute on your dream
that's all that's that's all you need
energy
all you need well you need a lot but you
know you need to feel that you need
energy passion Drive relentlessness
perseverance resilience
put yourself off and just get [__] on
with it you need all of those things but
you need
the energy so that you jump out of bed
in the morning and you are on it
did it take time for you to cultivate
that in the process after after Johnny
passed was there like a do you know what
I mean because I did I did uh ready to
before and for that I was you know it
did 18-hour days for two and a half
years it's like it you know it's it's in
me that I've I've been a grafter for
quite a long time so you've been mulling
this idea for many many many years yeah
then
um
and then you finally put it into action
I I heard you say I started pitching in
2014 and it took me three years to
launch yeah
I started pitching in 2013 I think
and what were you pitching I was
pitching what was the elevator pitch the
elevator pitch was
um to create portable
cream based
personalized makeup
for women
35 Plus
and how was that pitch received
I did 48 pitches before one person fit I
must have sent 300 emails
what kind of uh negative feedback did
you get oh I had lots I had
um
I had you don't have enough followers
fine I had like I think 50 000 followers
then
um I had your two old starter business
I had who's going to really run the
business
come on oh that's a nice list I love
that one you live in this Neverland it's
not like it's never going to happen but
it's never going to happen but you don't
put words to either you sit like this
place and I had that feeling I thought
are people ever going to get it but I
thought I'm never going to give up so
they were both sat side by side really
starting why didn't you give up
because I knew it was a [__] good
idea and I knew it would work I just had
to find the right people who would get
it but even selling you know everyone's
telling you to I don't care everyone's
telling me no I know and I know enough
and I believe in myself enough to know I
know it's a good idea I just know it I
just gotta find somebody who has the
vision to understand it how did you know
it though
because I know women
because I've made over 5 000 women in my
life because I know what women Miss I
know the frustration they feel at the
beauty counter I know that some of them
don't want to admit they don't know how
to do a smokey eye I know that some
women feel stuck but they don't know how
to articulate how do I do it again
because I don't want to seem silly in
front of my friends I know that some
women feel just
they could never do that was it
expensive to start the business yes what
were the personal sacrifices
there are phys there are Financial ones
and there are friendship ones did you
have to sell any tables let's start with
the finances no but I sold my house you
sold your house yeah I sold my house and
I'd kind of why because I couldn't
afford to stay in it
I had debt I had a big mortgage I had
kind of when I separated with Johnny I'd
wanted to get this house that I bought
that would enable me to walk my daughter
to school I just wanted this thing okay
like desperately so I bought this house
with a really big mortgage and I did
alone and I did it from scratch and it
was my dream every single little element
of this house I built did that make you
sad that realization because it seems
like the idea that I would have to leave
the house was something I thought about
every single day for six months and
thought what can I do to prevent it
because I've worked this hard for so
long to have this house I've always
wanted to own a house you know
but once you let go of it it's just a
[__] house
and you think there's a bigger picture
and the bigger picture
maybe you could buy me five houses but
the bigger picture is
that there is a bigger picture not even
to look to the stage where you might be
able to buy a nicer house but it's like
I was on a mission Stephen I was on a
mission I thought I've got to make it
happen I can't not do this there was no
turning back I couldn't not start the
business so then it was what did I have
to do start the business because first
of all I sold all my clothes I did the
sale and I went on to Emily's List and I
EMILY's List is this and I was renting
out the house so I didn't care who came
my house I had like a thousand people
coming in my house buying clothes so I
raised in two sales 60 Grand because I
used to borrow I used to follow Gary
vaynerchuk and Gary was always like what
the [__] can you sell in your house you
know you can sell your trainers you
won't spend a fortune on those people
who are saying oh whinging to Gary and
Gary saying sell something everyone has
something they can sell well how much do
you want the business how much do you
want to be successful and start the
business what are you prepare to give up
look at the long-term game was there any
doubt even a whisper of doubt I say this
in part because I look back on when I
started my business I was keeping diary
entries yeah um and I was I feel the
same as you there was no going back
there was definitely not plan B my
parents went there's no plan B yeah I'm
shoplifting pizzas at this point to pick
myself I'm like I can only go forward
right yeah I haven't paid my rent in
three months my rent is only 150 pounds
in rush home yeah um but then I and so I
will recount that moment of my life is I
I zoom in on the tenacity and the
certainty and this conviction yeah but
then I look at these diary entries and
on this day
I'm like doubting myself a little bit it
didn't last yeah but there was a there
was a day where it was like a rocky for
sure you know it's not all like the
thing is the overarching theme is I
can't go back yeah it shouldn't negate
the fact you're going to have doubt
you're going to question you know it's
like
doesn't think somebody will believe in
it but there was like another 10
meetings and nobody has you know you
think yeah yeah and also at the end of
an investor present you when you present
to investors
the real questioning of your integrity
over your idea
is how much you decide what was
the last meeting they had in the room
which they brought that advice to your
meeting on a totally different business
to kind of talk about the market or I
mean the amount of times I've talked
about like you know it's about growth
it's not about retention it's about 70
new customers 30 retention and I was
always saying no it's 60 retention 40
growth but saying this when Casper
mattresses was going high-fly was like
nobody wants listen I know how then why
they didn't invest because their whole
thing was growth retention [__] you
know and it's like retention is
everything you've got to download grow
you've got to have new customers but if
you don't have the Bedrock of retention
the kind of classic you know like
companies that don't do any publicity
like
um Five Guys or some companies that
haven't done much publicity they're
relying on the customer loving it
they're relying on getting new customers
from their customers you know they're
relying on the most classic Word of
Mouth moment but you've got to
build a company on cement and I felt at
the time these guys looking around
they're building it on quicksand you've
got to then leave that investor meeting
and think what do I take away
that's good advice so the advice I took
away to myself was if I'm in a room of
predominantly man
I want to go in and a female trait to me
as you want to paint the entire picture
you want to bring somebody into your
universe and you want to show them
everything
so they don't have one thing they can
hone in on to make sense of your
business and join the dots you don't
give them the dot Joiner so therefore
the thing I learned was to go in and say
look
we're starting with this
and from this I'm going to give you this
and then we'll get to that
and they're like okay and it's not many
slow and women are faster it's like
there is a fundamental difference in how
people need information delivered to
them so they can absorb it go yeah that
ticks my box and then be ready to listen
to the next bit of information and that
I didn't know I didn't know into the
10th pitch and then in the 10th pitch or
whatever halfway through my pitching I
kind of thought actually what am I not
doing right here to convey because if I
believe this is a good idea if I believe
it has legs
what am I not getting through to them
that I need to and that's the vision of
the future kind of it's a bit the vision
of the future it's like there's a real
classic that if you are a woman
generally men if it's predominantly
males they will ask how do you protect
your downside and if I'm a man sitting
here they will say how do you maximize
your upside
it's a classic all right so when then so
just to explain for people that don't
understand
um downside is basically like how do you
how do you negate your risk yeah so so
you know how do you protect your risk
you know what happens if you have a
problem with the product what happens if
you can't find a customer what happens
if blah blah blah and maximizing the
upside is how you're going to scale how
you're going to make that business
bigger so
I thought I was like okay
so then when they would start to get to
that little thing I would say you know
what
these three ways like any business is
what I'll be doing now let us focus on
how I'm going to maximize the upside
and just kind of gently not insultingly
sometimes I was a little bit you know so
you became aware of their Prejudice and
would counteract it before they kind of
had a chance to use that as a way to
yeah you kind of want to bring in
conversation well but it took me a while
Stephen it took me because I had never
gone to you know when I did investor
presentations in 99
I did five and I got it you know in
those two of them invested it was a very
different time and pitching a concept
how did you counteract the prejudice
that you knew was existing in those
pitch boardrooms
or did you how did you deal with it
because there's a part of me that
thought
like I went to one and he said I love
the idea but it will only be successful
if you do it for Millennials or gen Z
because they're the only people who are
going to buy like that because women of
of your age don't know how to buy makeup
online okay and at the time 26 of people
bought Beauty Online all right and of
that 26 maybe 15 were in the demographic
that I said
but I said I'm providing personalization
that will make a woman and I will talk
to women in a way of a language they
understand to think actually maybe if I
went online I'd be better diagnosed than
if I went in store because she has this
personalization and and then when it
launched and those very first few people
who had never shopped for makeup online
did it and thought this is better than
me going to Peach Jones
it was like
spread the word spread the word and it
built on itself but at that time when
the man from this uh VC was saying that
and I was like I left the room and I
thought I actually would not want this
person to invest in my business anyway
so there is that maturity you can get of
thinking because you've got to also you
know when you're going for money you
very much feel the powers in their hands
and there's got to be something you're
bringing through and where you think do
I want these people to invest in my
business and to get to a stage where
you're the one in a way on the back foot
because you're wanting the cash how can
you then say to yourself turn it around
you know do I want
these people in the business have they
got something to contribute and asking
them questions like what will you
contribute what do you do for your other
VCS I've spoken to a few you know you
have this big thing saying that you get
the CMOS together and whatever but do
you actually do that and how does that
happen to you and
how much is this business worth in your
perspective
don't give out valuations oh I read 180
million online
it's
doing well though yeah what can you tell
me about the scale of the business to
give just to give us an inclination
we've you know grown
over 100 a year probably over five years
yeah we did
50 something Million last year
um we uh we sell 180 countries
we started skincare year and a half
goats now
38 of my Revenue
so it's growing quite quickly it has the
highest retention so when I look at the
business and I look at retention of
product
for me the value of the business
and look at what product bases there are
so that to me is an exciting place a
business is going to
um we're localizing in different
countries so there's one thing to be
sold internationally but then when you
localize it takes a lot of
um
personalization across yeah it does and
so we we did it when we're about 50 in
the UK and then we're about 23 in
Australia with 10 in America that is a
fantastic business yeah and I would like
to invest well when you think about your
character traits and what you bring to
the business what what is that and how
has that led the business to become
successful because I think in Founders
we talked earlier about focusing on the
thing you're good at yeah what is the
thing that Trinny is good at in this
business
I think I'm good at understanding how
women react to things and what they want
and how you speak to somebody so they
can hear it I think that's probably what
I know
better than anyone else in the company
how do you speak to someone so that they
hear it
well years ago I did Oprah an Oprah
taught me a lot and she was she is an
amazing woman but when I used to do her
shows
we would tell her stuff because we'd
just done a book and it'll become a
number one time bestseller in America
and it was like she helped us do that
but she would tell them stuff I'd said
and then she would repeat it three times
within that half an hour you just repeat
it repeat it and I said afterwards over
you you always repeat she said because
it registers
they get reminded
they remember
so that sense of
you say something
and you say it three times in maybe
three different ways so that by the end
of that conversation somebody walks away
with a new thought in their head so
there is that and I don't
consciously do that anymore I think at
the beginning I probably did because I
remember what she said and then it got
into a habit
but
and it's also remembering who you speak
to
because when you speak when I do
my contribution to to Trinity London of
on social
I could be speaking to many different
women I could be speaking to a nurse on
18 Grand a year who saves up every month
to buy one thing
and I could be speaking to somebody who
could buy 10 things and choose to spy us
okay so it's quite a broad remit but
they all realize
because of what I was talking about the
importance of actually buying things
that really work for your skin and not
wasting your money and and not putting
things on that are bad for your skin I
don't mean bad like green I mean like
don't do anything for your skin or just
understanding what you should use is not
what your best friend should use
and because I've I had very bad acne I
mean like when you talked about your
turning off the light okay I used to
decide what restaurant do I go into like
if I was going out and as an 18 year old
and I had this lighting I would
literally say can we go to another
restaurant because you would see my acne
postures
um coming down and I would go like I'd
literally I'd be like this for dinner so
that obsession with my skin and the
effect it gave all my confidence and put
was a lot of what I put into when we
look at what ingredients are we going to
use and how are we going to use them and
we have a lab in England you know I'm
proud the fact we have a lab we make
things from scratch we're not like hey
let's put a label on here and say Trini
London you know are you proud of the
business very
are you proud of yourself
um
yes I am when I remembered I mean I get
when I remember to be no like you've
crossed your arms look at the body
language no
I am I don't
it's very easy to well I never get to a
place conceit
um many people are proud for me
and I sometimes find that challenging
it's like I want to move the
conversation on why I don't know I don't
I can't answer it and it's just a thing
you know but I'll have good friends of
mine who've known me a long time who
will
just say you know
very lovely things about having grown
the business I I often I'm gonna happen
how do you feel and so on because we got
it together because we must go through
it I'm asking questions but I I but you
also okay so give me your feedback well
when someone gives me a big compliment
at the same time they're also reminding
me of everything I could lose and so I
think my natural way of dealing with
things is as you've kind of described is
that forward motion that void Motion
makes me feel stable yeah so whenever
someone comes to me gives me a
compliment about something I've achieved
it's it's um I always say like
Chaos's stability and stability is chaos
it's a moment of stability that I don't
like like just the idea of of
accomplishment yeah creates a stability
that I don't like I want chaos I need
that forward motion to feel stable it's
a weird one because it's like a lot of
people would disagree with what you're
saying in terms in terms of you know
sort of a self-worth guru who's saying
you've got to you've got to you know
take a step to
a lot of friends who Satan you need to
take a moment to acknowledge how far
you've come
and I think what you're saying
is I'm just trying to grasp exactly your
thing of the chaos and stability and I
think I can explain it better yeah okay
so when when Olympians go to the
Olympics they come back even if they've
won a gold medal and they fall into a
depression I think they call it gold
medal depression the stats around that
are alarming I've read one article
that's where it said up to 80 of
Olympians post
um the Olympics feel that way
um I think that humans most of us anyway
maybe that's why we're in these
buildings with these amazing technology
have it within us to need to to it goes
back to what I said before we start
recording about progress yeah we need a
sense of Forward Motion we don't the
opposite of um what we don't want is
completed goals abundant resources and
nothing to strive for so maybe because
I'm particularly I was particularly
insecure as a child I need I get my
worth from the sense of forward motion
and accomplishment the thought of
stopping yeah and being done is a form
of psychological chaos it's a form of
purposelessness and so I think stability
is actually the forward motion the chaos
uncompleted goals the striving that's
one I feel most stable okay and when you
remove that something to strive for I
feel I feel which people would call
stability I feel chaos yeah
um but also I think for me and you there
is something
um
where our work is I know it for me
anyway is inherently linked at deep deep
level to our sense of self-worth yeah
and so
um
yeah it's quite I feel deeply
uncomfortable when I get a compliment
about
um the work we do or
um when people say that to me I'll use
your pause for a second and just think
about how far you've come yeah it's
robbing me of something yeah it's like
it is um
when will enough be enough
I don't know if enough should never ever
be enough
you should always have a little bit
because you see you live in chaos so I
ask you that question when will enough
be enough when will enough I will never
be sad as far I always think about that
um well I go back to what I said as I I
hope I hope there's no such thing as
enough in my mind yeah because so when
well enough answer your question when
will enough be enough it will never be
because enough is always going to mean
forward motion
so and progress enough I know because
success to me is forward motion and
progress so success can't therefore
possibly be any destination it is
it is challenge it is autonomy it is a
meaningful goal to strive towards and
it's doing it with people I love yeah
that's success for me okay and and so I
need challenge I need forward motion
with people I love High degree of
self-control yeah it's your life breath
yeah
as I'm doing it yeah yeah it is life
breath yeah it really is
as you know Zoe are a sponsor of this
podcast and I'm a big investor in the
company you guys know I'm really sitting
still because that's just the nature of
my life so whether I'm in a business
meeting with my investments or I'm
recording this podcast I'm always
running from A to B but the one promise
that I made to myself is to fuel my body
sufficiently and Zoe has been really the
key part of me succeeding in that
mission for those of you that don't know
I've been a Zoe member for about a few
months now ever since I had Zoe's
scientific co-founder Professor Tim
Spector on this podcast Zoe helps me to
understand how to make better food
choices for my long-term health and it's
all personalized to me eating the right
food is essential for me to keep me
going because some of my meetings are
often later in the day and so I need to
ensure that I keep my energy levels up
and Zoe allows me to understand which
foods work for me and which foods don't
eating the Zoe way I don't get that
dreaded afternoon crash and I feel great
so to get started with Zoe go to zoe.com
Steven and use my exclusive code
ceo10 for 10 off so many of you have
been asking me for a discount code here
it is
ceo10 go to zoe.com
Steven and use my exclusive code ceo10
for 10 off and if you already use Zoe
send me a DM and let me know how you're
getting on what is success to you these
days like what is
what does success mean for you people
ask me that all the time as well but I
mean it's such a you know when you hear
that question I think oh [__] so make it
specific like it's too generalistic so
what's if if I let's look look at the
next decade of your life okay if I say
if we meet again in 10 years time and I
say and you say to me that was a
successful decade all right well that's
a good way okay next 10 years success
Rebecca
um the one thing this is the only thing
where I will bring age into it right is
I am
59. so when I'm 69 do I want to be
working so hard that I sort of Miss
friends birthdays and don't get to
you know take part in life of things
outside my work because that's a big one
like when you're in your 20s and 30s you
can kind of like all your friends are
doing that too you know and in that same
space so it doesn't matter if you say
look in a month we'll get together we'll
all go for a weekend somewhere because
you're all doing it so it's like you're
on this thing together but when you're
me probably of my friends maybe 80 of
them their life is slightly different
from what I'm doing right now
so
and that element of that friendship and
this connection with people is
fundamentally crucial to our feeding
ourselves you know and there's always
that you know guy who not had American
Express but he's like you know will I be
remembered for how hard I worked you
know on the grapes and there's that
classic corny thing of like well they
remember how hard you know it's like
they won't but whenever I read that I
think but they just had a nine-to-five
job and this is a passion you know I
always say that I think this is so
different because this is
because if I
if it was just a job
I'd probably say you know I should slow
down a bit whatever but I travel the
world
I help a lot of people around the world
I meet a lot I was in Birmingham
um what about work-life balance yes but
this is the thing
it's like
I don't see my job as a job and then
there's work-life balance because
there's areas of my job which should be
sociable things so I I meet people I
have conversations women every day you
know on this you know social media thing
which is now a few few million people
I have
these women who know me really well it's
so interesting how you think oh but I
haven't seen you know I have my friends
who have known me since I've been my
teens but I have these women who are
part of the Trinity tribe they could be
anywhere in the world but
they know me so well that like I might
do a little live and they'll DM me say
Trinny sense this this morning are you
okay do you need to take a breath you
know and then when I sh I shared this
you know that John had died and
um and so you know they were you know
they sent
thousands of messages and I read I read
everything people sent because if people
make the effort to write a message and
on my Instagram I respond to everything
you know I we have a team of 11 people
who we had like 12 000 comments a week
between London stuff but I do all my
Instagram because that's the Beating
Heart of the women in my life
and
the feeling people are feeling you know
whenever you have a business you need to
understand what is the feeling people
are feeling so in England we have a big
cost of living crisis I still want to
give people quality products that are
premium so with all these things going
on how do I
sense check
this thing how do I adapt the
conversation so that
it still is relevant to their life and
they're just so going back to work like
balance like they
helped me to sit for a second and like
one of them sent this message three days
I said Trini
you have to remember
to feel what you're going through right
now because you don't usually you just
rusher it and you need to do it this
woman I've never met before ever okay
but they're just incredible women and so
my when you when you talk about a
business all right and you talk about
starting a business
my business
is this passion for these women
to feel great and and are sort of you
know you always have these what's your
vision board and what's your mission of
the company but it's literally to leave
a woman feeling better about herself
than before she came into contact with
me with Fearless with the podcast with
Trinity London with whatever so that's
my mission I am here for a mission I
know that sounds like whatever but I am
I know I am you know I know I am I know
that when like I know that during covert
when there were people feeling in a full
family of people fundamentally so alone
as women
I knew how important it was that we
should get up and we should chat to each
other I knew it was just to like really
chat really like share the [__] share
the feelings so they could go
me too me too you know so it's 69 then
you're saying that you're going to slow
down and retire and have pina coladas on
the beach no I didn't say that at all
did I ever say that so 69. no so you
just said to me in the next 10 years so
the next thing what's success look like
it's that this community grows because
the more women who feel like this would
tell more women and I would like at the
moment maybe we have a million women and
I would like that to be in the next 10
years 15 million women actually so that
I'm going to put that number out there
I'm going to now remember it I'd like
that many women because if you can get
to that many women but then how are you
gonna I said that because you talked
about changing the balance a little bit
so you could be there for your social
connections a bit more yeah your friends
yeah if you've got a goal of 15 million
women so how am I growing this business
where I have people in place who can do
things that I can do better than me so
that you can go and do so I can do even
more of what only I can do yeah in the
business
because at the moment I did this thing
the other day and I
did this thing with my co and a board
member and I did like 365 days a year
all right and we divided up because we
need to like see because people it's
very difficult to get meetings in with
it so he's like okay
there are six full days a year I do
board meetings there are 12 days a year
I do investor stuff so we had a little
laugh or whatever and then add up to
more more than the days of the year okay
because I haven't taken that much
holiday so Jane says to me lovely Jane
she goes Trini this we have to change so
she said okay what do you not have to do
you know how could we move to a place
slowly where
you don't do this you do this and you do
this so much about it's like
you must talk to tons of people about
when you have your best ideas all right
we have our best ideas when we are
not further removed from the chaos
because you love this chaos but we're
we're removed enough that things have
the room to Bubble to the top so I do
Michael's car map every morning all
right and I just started doing this
other one on the the one with the half
Bowl in or something you know that
really good one and there's this guy
David G and it was discussed at
Massachusetts state hospital they did
some research that you listen to his
meditation for 59 days and it changes
your neural Pathways like ketamine might
okay it's really I'm anywhere I'm day 43
okay quite into it but
when I give myself that little space
the really good ideas for the business
come up and the more I'm just doing
running the business running the
business
the less we're going to have of those
and I need to give the business the best
of me so it's 69 do you think you're
gonna be working less
differently differently more space for
more creativity yeah and you know
traditional just saying yeah I'll take a
Friday off and go and go for a weekend
somewhere and things like that yeah
because you know do you be able to go
for a weekend without thinking about the
business yeah I did actually can I just
tell you for the first time in five
years I went away for five days
two weeks ago and I only did like eight
emails which was just
great
you wrote this wonderful book Fearless
it's really really surprising
it's surprising
did you read any of it yet yes I went
through it but you did and I read the
entire section on life the other
sections about beauty and star were a
little bit more tricky but I read
everything in the live section about
that's where I got some of those quotes
from and uh the stuff about imposter
syndrome and self-belief and all of
those things it is a a life advice book
it is a beauty advice book it is a style
advice book
um and it's just a gorgeous coffee table
style the thing is this is me okay yeah
because I
hate looking at pictures of myself so
the whole point of doing this book was
to say you hate looking at pictures of
yourself I hate [__] hungry is I just
do so this is the book you'll have on
your coffee table
can you see so nice like just it will
make you pick it up more
because it's biased to have my face on
the front this is not bias
ah no that is beautiful and it's a nice
little message as well yeah to have a
statement about yourself like yeah
you know what's funny when I'm when
people come on the show and they have a
product I I often try and spend some
time
um talking about their products and
stuff but the thing the thing in this
case is
having got to understand you yeah and
what drives you and having felt how
authentic and deep your passion is
there is no need that all the products
are just a byproduct of exactly that
what we've just experienced so it's
funny because I hear you how deeply
passionate and obsessed you are about
your mission as you call it
and I just believe the product because I
know where it's coming from and that's
the most important thing it's coming
from a deep sense of mission that is so
unbelievably authentic that starts
sounds like in your childhood with a
battle with your own skin issues and
acne
um in the byproduct of that authentic
mission is these wonderful products
which are taking the World by storm what
what have I got in front of me here okay
so
every part to say I'm just giving you
I'm going to give you the quick
headlight so you can go back to your
girlfriend and and you can have
knowledge let's just close off on this
the book is available in September yes
Fab so everyone can go pre-order that
now yeah wonderful now right so highly
recommend everybody goes in pre-orders
it because it's a beautiful book thank
you very much
so fundamental skincare whatever age you
are or skin color you are or anything is
you should clean your skin properly okay
you should wear SPF okay every day
whatever your melanin levels yep cancer
being the primary cause but other
ascetics as well
um you should do something that
regenerates your skin and retinoids can
do that and exfoliants can exfoliate
your skin
and you should keep your skin even so
vitamin C okay so those kind of me are
the showstoppers in a routine well what
if I don't because I'm guilty as charged
to all of us if you don't genes might
make you think
I don't need to I'm fine but I look at
your skin and I'm going to come over now
oh no don't call me oh [__]
do this look at me and I close my eyes
because I need to feel your skin without
judging you by looking at you okay so
what I do is I just have a feel and I
feel so first thing I feel immediately
is the congestion you have here right in
the center a lot of people like women
will have congestion here because they
don't like to get their hair wet when
they wash their face you have congestion
here sure it's not muscle or something
it's not muscle at all I know the
difference darling
um and this is not like that's beer you
see but this is congestion under the
skin because you have an oily skin so
you have a sebaceous gland that can
sometimes get blocked Under the Skin it
doesn't become a spot but it's congested
so that's there all right so exfoliant
you're going to use I do get a lot of
spots there okay well then you're going
to use find your balance in fact we've
got to get your final Advance then I go
around here
then I feel your lymph whenever you're
feeling
blocked doing this tiny movement here
releases your lymph nodes and you go
around the back she's massaging my face
for anyone that's listening on audio it
feels really good round your ears agree
to disagree okay and then you go down
and you want to kind of go down to your
clavicum release this is all like a
channel for all your lymph so if you
ever get a blocked face or you get dark
circles you do this kind of getting it
down like Ah that's why women always do
that thing on Instagram with the yeah
with the stone so your oilier here thank
you you've got a slight Dark Circle yeah
it's unslapped yeah and you've got
hydrated skin but block Skin So for me
the best thing you would do for your
skin is you exfoliate your skin because
you need to slosh off dead skin cells
and you need to clarify your skin you
need to get your pores get the
congestion out
so that means drinking water it means
having an exfoliant a liquid exfoliant
so that's exfoliant we sell tiptoe in
though you don't have sensitive skin so
you would use one called find your
balance which I'm going to give you okay
okay and then afterwards use a
moisturizer called niacinamide it's
called energize me it has something
called sacinic acid in it sacinic acid
is like
it's an ingredient that goes into your
cell and goes like this so when you put
that on your skin will wake up you'll
feel an alertness to your skin and then
you'll feel you get off a flight and
you'd feel I don't look tired because
you haven't looked you need to touch
your face a lot of people just don't
touch their face enough you need to get
the oxygen to your face you know you go
to the gym and the oxygen goes around
your body and your lymph system works
and you get this feeling of aliveness
but we just leave our face alone
so you do this you don't do it with me
just do it with me get yourself get your
fingers like this yeah like that so it's
like you've got a scissor and do
friction like this up down up down then
go left
and right
up down like that okay and then you want
to get your hands here yeah and you want
to lift your cheekbones like this fast
one two three
feel the energy
okay just let go now do you feel this
movement or rush in your face yeah
that's your lymph your lymph is like
your
hose pipe around your face and if you
put a sort of foot on the houseplate it
stops you need this to move around if
it's moving around it's releasing the
talks and taking them down here at the
moment it's leaving them on your skin
under your skin so it's Cleaning Out My
Face yes you want it to be moving so
there's just three things then so tell
me tell me this so if you had three
things you would use yeah three products
I would use and then sort of three
principles towards skin good skin care
okay you use
better off which is a cleansing one you
go in the shower yeah and you put this
on your face yeah it's on Aha and PHA
it's got gentle exfoliating acids okay
okay then
find your balance which is an exfoliant
which is not there what are you going to
get for you I don't know we'll get out
for you and energize me which you don't
have those three things is what you're
going to use okay your girlfriend
we're using longer routine I don't know
what she looks like on skin tone but
she'll probably have the retinols and
she'll have the vitamin C's and a few
other things but you just need three
things so that's the products and then
in terms of the personal routines you
said drink water sleep sleep and then
like massage my face yeah
got it okay
I'm looking forward to I'm looking
forward to it I I've always kind of
procrastinated on like skincare routine
I know but if it's easy if it's really
easy if it's by this thing called pick
it up yeah okay well you would just like
we'll cement it down with blue tag cool
okay okay so we have a tradition where
the last guest leaves a question for the
next guest and not knowing who they're
going to be leaving it for yeah the
question left for you is what's the one
thing that gives you the most healthy
pleasure in life and how can you commit
to
harness more of it going down a skinny
slope at 83 kilometers an hour but the
thing is I just feel a responsibility
now that I can't do that anymore why
because it's very dangerous you know
it's like a
but it is it's a guilty plan because I
love it I love the speed I love the like
I'm just in control
went through my hair
you know it's the only sport I know how
to do I'm [__] every other sport
sounds like the way you live life yeah
probably in control high speed yeah win
through your arm probably because I
can't leave one somebody else now yeah
thank you thank you so much thank you
for the inspiration you truly are an
inspiration uh tremendously tremendously
so and I'm gonna make you feel
uncomfortable you should be so proud of
how far you've come
you must be so proud take some time to
just breathe it in and enjoy it training
you're gonna regret it shout out now I
appreciate you so much thank you for
being here thank you for coming and
doing this and thank you for creating a
real business that's um inspiring so
many people just through its existence
but also inspiring them to be better and
to feel better about themselves through
the wonderful products that you've made
and I highly recommend that everyone
goes and gets this book it's more of
Trinity the Trinity that I'm sure you've
loved in this conversation and these
products I mean they speak from
themselves because as I said you know
exactly where they've come from so thank
you
oh
as you may know this podcast is
sponsored by huel if you're living under
a rock you might have missed that and he
all has such a wide range of products
now but there is a great way to try all
of them this is the huel best seller
bundle perfectly curated so that you can
try all of the favorite products and
decide which ones are your favorites the
best seller bundle has a range of meals
and bars including the iconic heel
Shaker the pot and a free t-shirt which
if you've got the free heel t-shirt
you'll understand how well that t-shirt
fits I'm not just saying that it really
really is phenomenal if you've heard me
talking about cure but haven't tried it
for some reason then this is a great
option for you to get to know the range
and find the product that works best for
you I've tried every single heel product
in the boardroom in the development
Laboratories and in my home and there's
a couple of products which have just
revolutionized my life because they meet
the requirements that I'm looking for so
if you're looking to try heal for the
first time and to get into it and to
join the hooligan family I'd highly
recommend you try this out
[Music]
oh